[Music]
hello again it's me Jimmy welcome to my
house I hope you had a nice day of
meetings and your fat pants at this
point I've done so much working from
home once we go back I'm planning to
spend two months living at work it has
been quite a quarantine so far this
morning we have a very picky
five-year-old daughter who last night
decided she no longer eats corn so this
morning she refused to eat her pancakes
because I made them with a new mix they
stopped making the mix I used to use and
I had to find a new one so I tried to
find something kind of healthy I don't
trust the mix that says just add water
that's the recipe for kool-aid not
breakfast so I got a mix made of like
whole grains and I had the eggs and milk
I made the pancake in the shape of a
butterfly which he loves syrup it was
perfect and of course she hated it she
refused to eat it she took one bite she
said it tastes like it has seeds in it
which I told I explained there are no
seeds in it even though there were seeds
in it I realized later but we got an
hour-long standoff over this I'm like
eat the pancakes you love pancakes
no I don't you eat them every day not
these these are disgusting these are the
same pancakes I always make it went on
and on it was a hostage situation and
I'm pretty sure I was the hostage I
think she was expecting me to give in
and just go to work but I don't go to
work anymore I just wake up and I'm at
work I don't go anywhere so I don't give
in coz I've had an ass full of this she
had no idea what she was up against so I
dug in and it was terrible there were
tears there was a tantrum there were an
asterick s-- she also cried but in the
end I won she ate the pancake you know
you have to stick to your guns you don't
want your kids to grow up thinking they
can throw a fit and then get whatever
they want you do that next thing you
know they're at the white house telling
people to drink Clorox and a bunch of
doctors are behind them nodding today in
case you don't know and you should know
is National Nurses Day this is the day
on which we honor the women and men who
risk it all to save lives our president
hadn't
at the White House today to honor nurses
where he was asked why he decided not to
wear a mask yesterday when he visited
the factory where they make masks and
boy did he have an explanation for that
one no I put a mask on yeah I put I had
a mask on for a period of time well I
can't help but if you didn't say ma'am
and I had a mask on but I didn't need it
but I did have it on I don't know if you
saw it or not but I had it not too long
but I had I had it on back backstage we
had on backstage at the Honeywell
Factory you know where the workers get
their hair and makeup done backstage
clearly he did not wear a mask he's
saying by the way he's sitting there
with a bunch of nurses not wearing a
mask saying this but is it really
surprised I mean if there's one thing we
know from stormy Daniels
it's that using protection isn't his
number-one concern
Trump had an almost comically distant
sit-down interview with David Muir of
ABC News last night there was enough
room between them to park a bus so David
Muir asked the president if he thought
this upcoming election would be a
referendum on how he's handled this
health crisis and he gave an interesting
answer to that nobody's ever done things
like this so I hope it's not solely on
what I've done here because this is a
very this is like rubber it's very very
amorphous okay so he doesn't know what
amorphous means but go on but you know
what I think in a certain way and I hope
I can say this to you in a couple of
months I think in a certain way maybe
our best work has been on what we've
done with Kovac 19 but but we haven't
gotten we haven't been treated properly
not me the Army Corps of Engineers FEMA
the medical people the police the nurses
everybody even the doctors even the
doctor even the people whose opinions I
sabotage on a daily basis are not
getting credit that I mean they deserve
I love when he claims he doesn't want
credit while he's complaining he isn't
getting credit but our fake president
once prompted to give one did have a
real message of compassion for those who
someone to the virus and to the people
that have lost someone there is nobody I
don't sleep at nights thinking about it
there is nobody that's taken it harder
than me yeah nobody take even in grief
he is number one no one has taken it
harder
that's why he doesn't sleep at night the
reason you don't sleep at night is
because you were up watching Fox News
and rage tweeting about Kellyanne
Conway's husband
so Trump right now is he is so ready to
sabotage that stay at home orders so he
can start holding rallies and playing
golf again he could barely contain
himself and it would seem that his loon
squad at Fox News either they are
following his lead or he's following
theirs it's hard to tell anymore
whatever the case someone at Fox seems
to have issued a directive because all
of a sudden most of their on-air staff
is demanding the country open now it is
time to get our country back to work
computer programs predicted a
catastrophe if we didn't shut down
society by now those models have been
wrong many of them very wrong I think it
probably seemed like social distancing
would be necessary there was no real
scientific basis for believing that I
think the president is right open the
economy back up the hearing all these
negative news but there's a huge push to
get going in America we've got to get
this open we have to who is for freedom
and who is for our third telleth or
terry anism was an archer terian isn't
one of the characters on Game of Thrones
even the highest judicial body in the
land is working remotely from home this
was a rare humorous pandemic moment
during oral arguments for Ford Supreme
Court this morning listen closely
because one of the parties on the line
forgot to hit mute while doing his not
so civic duty
and what the FCC has said is that when
the subject matter of all ranges justice
topic then the call is transformed and
it's a call that what been allowed and
is no longer allowed right down the old
Ruth Bader Ginsberg another character
who's working from home right now is TB
televangelist Jim Baker Jim took the day
off yesterday to rest but his wife
Laurie took the reins and also took the
opportunity to tell the old people who
sent her their social security chats
that Jim after a New Year's visit from
the Lord predicted this coronavirus
earlier this year he prophesied on New
Year's Eve that on 2020 and he
prophesied got out of his sickbed came
and delivered the word from the Lord
that something worldwide was about to
happen and I remember sitting up on that
side going wow when he said worldwide I
literally wrote it down worldwide oh my
god he literally wrote it down yes well
that's big then he said worldwide and
that means he knew the virus but you
know by that logic pitbull predicted the
corona virus back in 2011 in travel news
this is surprising Carnival Cruise Lines
announced this week that's starting
August 1st they will be back on the open
sea and I guess people are gonna join
them
I don't know how could anyone book a
Carnival Cruise right now just to be
safe I won't even let our show book a
Tom Cruise right now but you have to
hand it to Carnival they really seem to
have thought this all through there's
never been a better time to take the
family on a Carnival Cruise our
all-inclusive vacation package features
four-star dining at a dozen restaurants
full open bars day or night
entertainment for the kids and the
kidding you and when Corona or any
number of viruses inevitably strike
a respectful burial at sea Carnival it's
the way you would have wanted to go
[Music]